There is grief as crazy as let's see do not
The spark is not in the
kitchen sequence lady today
we have a shrimp omelet
thanks to our friend hansel and gretel
do not stay
good friends if you were representing
the international country
we start with the ingredients
salt seasoning too little
the shrimp this time we're going to make a
tortilla with two eggs because the paper
a little
Chinese onion and mince paprika applied
for that we're going to 500
put the eggs we are going to burst those in
the bowl
and we are going to move a bit like the
mom granny when she said a
tortilla with a fork
and Chinese onion
in the taste then have if you want
more or less
and now we add you add the
shrimp
and the oil is already hot and Now
let's add
young yes
It already seems like the staves of work
come
well we are going to turn the
tortilla I usually turn around
but to avoid the next must
retracted a dish to see then to
this the problems
with everything
and a little farts are
our shrimp omelet is enough
a little product a little bit tanned
although it seems
while we are real
of having finished
I want to send a special greeting to
all my friends for all
companions for my family and
especially for you that are me
looking at the grid thank you for being
looking more thank you invite everyone
to the international country in the three
locals to enjoy we have show
all week in the country a santa
Teresa and to seek all kindness
of this topic
the number to watch for events is the
95 74 22 73 1 food for events of
marriages christenings divorces everything
they want
but all the errors and that's not why I'm going
to auction my ex
why
how
and I can not